exercises/python-basics/README.md, before:

# Basics of Python

# Objective

In this exercise you will walk through the basics of Python learning about various data types and logic.

# Prerequisites
- Python minimun version 2.7.13 installed
- Basic understanding of the command line
- How to run .py files

# Setup
1. Windows machines you need to install [python](https://www.python.org/downloads/). **Note** Mac users can skip this step as python is already installed
    - Tutorial here for reference [Installing Python Windows](https://www.howtogeek.com/197947/how-to-install-python-on-windows/)
     - After setup is complete open up Command Prompt and enter the following command **python -V**. If installation was successful should see the version of python installed.
2. Create a new directory on your local machine named **python-basics**
3. Change your working directory to python-basics and create a file inside the directory named **index.py**. This is where you will be doing all your work.

# Tasks
**Dive In.**
  1. Say Hello!!!!!
     - Use the **print** function to print "Hello World" to your console.
  2. Basic Operators
      - Use the print function to test the Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division
  3. Create your first variable
     - Create a variable **price** and assign it a value of 10. Print the variable to the console.
   
**DataTypes.**
  1. Numbers
        - Create a variable **num1** with value **5.433** to an int
        - Create a variable **num2** with value **7** to float
  2. Strings
       Create a new variable **name1** and assign it a value of "Josh". Print the variable to the console.
      - Create another variable **name2** and assign it a value of 'Nick'. Print the variable to the console. 
      - Create another variable **namme3** and assingn it a value of "Cody'. Print the variable to console. What happened and why?
      - Create two variables **version** and **message** with values of **2.7.13** and **"I am running python % on my computer"**. Embed the version number into the message and print to console. 
      - Create variable **name4** and assign value of "Steven". Print the letter **t** to the console.
      - Create variable **secret-message** with value of **"I should use a vpn to protect myself when on public wifi so I don't get hacked"**. Search the message for different words. Print to console.
      
   3. Lists(mutable)
        - Create a list **network_components** with the values of **"Switch", "Router", "DNS", "Server"**. Print to console.
        - Insert **"Modem"** into the third index of the list. Print to console.
        - Append **Proxy** to to the list. Print to console.
        - Remove **Router** from the list. Print to console.
        - Sort the list and print to console.
        - Reverse the list and print to console.
   4. Tupals(immutable)
        - Create variable **my_files** with values **"secret.txt", "passwords.txt", "testing_image.jpeg", "my_personal_directory"**. Print to console.
        - Change first index to "ports.txt". What happend and why?
        - Create a nested tupal and print to console.
        
   5.

Commit message:

Finished dictionaries and added resource

exercises/python-basics/README.md, after:

# Basics of Python

# Objective

In this exercise you will walk through the basics of Python learning about various data types and logic.

# Prerequisites
- Python minimun version 2.7.13 installed
- Basic understanding of the command line
- How to run .py files

# Setup
1. Windows machines you need to install [python](https://www.python.org/downloads/). **Note** Mac users can skip this step as python is already installed
    - Tutorial here for reference [Installing Python Windows](https://www.howtogeek.com/197947/how-to-install-python-on-windows/)
     - After setup is complete open up Command Prompt and enter the following command **python -V**. If installation was successful should see the version of python installed.
2. Create a new directory on your local machine named **python-basics**
3. Change your working directory to python-basics and create a file inside the directory named **index.py**. This is where you will be doing all your work.

# Tasks
**Dive In.**
  1. Say Hello!!!!!
     - Use the **print** function to print "Hello World" to your console.
  2. Basic Operators
      - Use the print function to test the Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division
  3. Create your first variable
     - Create a variable **price** and assign it a value of 10. Print the variable to the console.
   
**DataTypes.**
  1. Numbers
        - Create a variable **num1** with value **5.433**. Change to int, print to console.
        - Create a variable **num2** with value **7**. Change to float, print to console
  2. Strings
      - Create a new variable **name1** and assign it a value of **"Josh"**. Print the variable to the console.
      - Create another variable **name2** and assign it a value of **'Nick'**. Print the variable to the console. 
      - Create another variable **namme3** and assingn it a value of **"Cody'**. Print the variable to console. What happened and why?
      - Create two variables **version** and **message** with values of **2.7.13** and **"I am running python % on my computer"**. Embed the version number into the message and print to console. 
      - Create variable **name4** and assign value of **"Steven"**. Print the letter **t** to the console.
      - Create variable **secret-message** with value of **"I should use a vpn to protect myself when on public wifi so I don't get hacked"**. Search the message for different words. Print to console.
      
   3. Lists(mutable)
        - Create a list **network_components** with the values of **"Switch", "Router", "DNS", "Server"**. Print to console.
        - Insert **"Modem"** into the third index of the list. Print to console.
        - Append **Proxy** to to the list. Print to console.
        - Remove **Router** from the list. Print to console.
        - Sort the list and print to console.
        - Reverse the list and print to console.
   4. Tupals(immutable)
        - Create variable **my_files** with values **"secret.txt", "passwords.txt", "testing_image.jpeg", "my_personal_directory"**. Print to console.
        - Change first index to "ports.txt". What happend and why?
        - Create a nested tupal and print to console.
        
   5. Dictionaries
        - Create variable **my_computer** with at keys of **"macbook_pro", "size"** and values **2017, "15inch"**. Print to console.
        - Print the value of the **size** key to console.
        - Change the value of **size** to **"13inch"** print to console.
        - Add a new key **screen** with value **"Retina"** and delete the key/value **size** from the dictionary. Print to console.
        - Create a new dictionary that has multiple keys with values of Numbers, Strings, Lists, and Tupals. Print to console.
        
        
# Resources

READ THE DOCS WHEN STUCK!!!!!!!!!!

[Python Docs](https://www.python.org/doc/)
